The Editor is the main custodian of the business aspects of the Institutional repository. The Administrator is their technical counterpart.
An Institution must have both roles assigned to be operational.

Any editor is the Editor
The Editor may grant the Editor role to other Registrators, at the same Institution. There is no built-in support for sharing responsibibility between Editors. The Editors decide how many Curators the Institution needs.

Editor is the teamlead of the Curators
A Curator's default responsibility is all Registrators at the Institution, but the Editor may narrow it to any formal part of the Institusion and thus reduce the group of Registrators this Curator is responsible for. Any unresolved conflicts or requests from own Registrators, or conflicts involving Registrators from other Institutions, might be an Editor's task. It is advised that the Editor is also assigned the Curator role.

How many Editors and Curators?
Smaller Institutions may deem one User to be both the Editor and the Curator. A larger institution may need a handful of Curators. A large Institution may deem it necessary to define each second-to-top level Curator an Editor and each Editor may have several Curators. Some reasearch teams may create enoungh work to need their own Curators.

The Editor's main menu has following options and the first is the default choice:
    Institutions configuration     -> editor_opens_editor_administration.feature
    Vocabulary settings            -> vocabulary_settings.feature
    Publishing strategi            -> publishings_rights.feature
   #DOI configurasjon              ->
   #curator's responsibility       ->
   #change owner of registration   -> seize_ownership.feature
   #Sletting av publikasjoner      ->
   #NVI-rapportering               -> nvi_report.featrure
   #Lisenser og filer              ->

Institutions configuration
This is the starting point for Editor's menu. It lists the institutions registered official names in different languages, it's short name, author identity and a possible Feide domain. This is read-only information about how the institution is configured.
The Editor may choose any other options from the menu, as listed above.

Use of Vocabularies
Some Institutions wish to arrange resources into classes or categories according to shared qualities or characteristics. To accommodate this goal, the Editor may decide which vocabularies the Users may use in the Registration Wizard. Vocabularies are field-/domain-specific, so Institutions with a strong field focus may wish all Users to use the same vocabulary. Others may offer the User a selection of optional vocabularies.

Publishing permissions
The Editor defines the Institutions publication policy and can choose one of the three options:
	Registrator has full publishing rights
	Registrator can only publish metadata
	Only Curator can publish
